
Where & When: Starbucks at Harmony Marketplace, 6/20/2017 8:30 - 10am
Scribe: Michael Sz.
Next meeting: TBD

Items discussed:

1) Imputing age data - We want to do this 'intelligently', so we need to
   discover relationships that will allow us to do this accurately.
2) Imputing cabin data - Same idea. Doing this intelligently will require
   a good understanding of the ships layout and translating that understanding
   into a good imputation model.
3) training and cross-validation (cv)
4) team size and future kaggle competitions
5) "hackathon" proposals and integration with ML class

Details:

1) Jim will cont. work on developing an algorithm to impute age data. We
   discussed how we would assess the accuracy of the age imputation. See item
   1) in "Post-meeting Thoughts" section for proposal on how to do this.

2) We decided to work on this later because it looks like a harder nut to
   crack.  We acknowledge however, that a large majority of the training
   records were missing cabin data.  Because of this, tt may make sense to
   reprioritize this above the age imputation.  See item 2) in "Post-meeting
   Thoughts" section for why this may be a good idea.
   
3) We discussed Random Forests (RF) and boosting ensemble methods. Because
   these strategies attempt to decorrelate errors by building numerous models
   with various predictors removed, we might want to consider manually
   building models that don't use Age or Cabin as predictors and then train
   these models with the records that have these pieces of data missing.
   Michael proposed that this seems like a 'natural' way to do RF and/or
   boosting.
   
Post-meeting Thoughts:

1) It probably makes sense to treat the age imputation sub-problem as a
   special case of regression.  We have 891 - 177 = 714 records which
   contain age which can be used to test an imputation model against.
   Minimizing the residual sum of squares (RSS) should work just fine.

2) Because 687 of the 891 records have missing cabin data, figuring out
   how to impute this data may actually give us a better payoff than
   figuring out how to impute age (of which only 177 records are missing).

Items we probably should discuss next meeting:

- What does EDA say wrt to importance of Age vs. Cabin predictors?
  How important are these predictors relative to each other?
- Should we reprioritize Cabin over Age data imputation?
- How are we going to handle "Ticket" data? 
- How are we going to handle "Fare" data?
- How are we going to handle "Name" data?  Is there any reason we should care?
  Parse "Mrs., Mr., Miss"?...
- Design / propose specific ensembling and cv strategies
- Feature engineering: break Cabin into multiple fields?
                       assess marital status from name?
					   how to model age imputation?
                       how to model cabin imputation?
Action items:

Michael - will cont. working on EDA and how to do ensembling and cv.
        - stretch goal: answer "How important is Cabin vs. Age in predicting
          survival?"
Michael - provide example of how cross-entropy calculation for Jim.
          Done - See: http://rpubs.com/mszczepaniak/classificationgoodness
		  (Note: Jim doesn't need this info yet because he won't need it for
		   his age modeling as orginally discussed during meeting.)
Jim - cont. to work on age imputation algorithm
    - get back to Michael re: availability for next meeting