

Where & When: Starbucks at Harmony Marketplace, 6/26/2017 2 - 4:15pm
Scribe: Michael Sz.
Proposed Next meeting: google hangout vid conf: Thu July 6?
                       f2f/coffee:  Fri July 14?

Items discussed:

1) Imputing age data - discussed Jim's use of MICE, good discussion around
   keeping this strictly as a regression problem, and how to evaluate accuracy
2) Jim discussed his name parsing exploration work.
3) Cabin data - Jim proposed and Michael agreed that using "deck" as an
   engineered parameter is a good idea.
4) Michael mentioned that we should explore how well the existing 117 records
   which have a value for Cabin separate the data against the response variable
   (Survived).
5) Discussed some kaggle logistics such as the public vs. private test data
   split
6) Jim suggested adding a weekly google video call meeting
7) Misc items: discussed running computationally intensive code outside of
   notebook env's, incoprorating log(fare) into model, investigate using
   neural nets from caret package

Details:

1) Agreed that age imputation should be kept **INDEPENDENT** of survival,
   Jim discussed his work around assiging age in such a way as is consistent
   with the distribution of known ages, we agreed that accuracy should be
   assessed by standard regression metrics such as RSS (residual sum of
   squares) or MSE (mean square error)
   
2) Discussed Jim's name parsing code and how to incorporate it into our
   modeling work.

3) Jim discussed his approach to determining "deck" from various combinations
   of existing data: this will require developing a good understanding of the
   ships layout and translating that understanding into a computable model.
   Jim hypothesized how the Embarked variable may be useful in modeling "deck"
   as well.
   
4) I don't recall if we discussed who would do this, so Michael will ping
   Jim to figure out who'll dig into this.
   
5) Discussed that some teams were posting 100% accuracy on their public test
   sets.  Our goal is to get over 90% while developing and following a sound
   analysis process.

6) Michael liked idea of doing regular video conferencing because it will help
   with maintaining momentum (see proposed time above for 1st video conf).
   
7) We agreed that running computationally expensive code should be done outside
   the notebook environment.
   
Post-meeting Thoughts:

1) TBD

Action items:

Michael - will create github repo for remainder of project work
        - will pull down Jim's title parsing code and incorporate into
		  baseline model
		- start working on model evaluation framework
		- start working on ways to ensemble different models
Jim - cont. to work on age imputation algorithm: assess accuracy using RSS
      and/or MSE
	- cont. modeling engineered deck parameters from various combinations of
	  of existing data such as cabin, pclass fare, embark etc.
    - get back to Michael re: availability for next meeting
